c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\ResistorColorCodes.Provider.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\ResistorColorCodes.Provider.pdb
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\ResistorColorCodes.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\ResistorColorCodes.pdb
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\obj\Debug\ResistorColorCodes.Provider.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\obj\Debug\ResistorColorCodes.Provider.dll
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\obj\Debug\ResistorColorCodes.Provider.pdb
c:\users\n079923\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\ColorCodes.xml
C:\Users\n079923\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes1\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\ResistorColorCodes.Provider.dll
C:\Users\n079923\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes1\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\ResistorColorCodes.Provider.pdb
C:\Users\n079923\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes1\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\obj\Debug\ResistorColorCodes.Provider.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\n079923\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes1\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\obj\Debug\ResistorColorCodes.Provider.dll
C:\Users\n079923\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes1\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\obj\Debug\ResistorColorCodes.Provider.pdb
C:\Users\n079923\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ResistorColorCodes1\ResistorColorCodes.Provider\bin\Debug\Content\ColorCodes.xml
